---
layout: page
title:  "8 In 8 3rd - 10th July"
category: Events
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
author: Silvierfox
---

Portia has sent the proposed itinerary for the third Hampshire 8 hashes in eight days. See the letter attached.

NH4 are down to do the first one on Sunday 3rd July.

I did the arrangements last time using the Pyestock Club and I am happy to arrange at the same location again if if it is still available. However, if any other members wish to use another location and are prepared to organise accordingly I am happy to hand it over to them. The club provided burgers, chips and drinks after the run. We had about 70 people.

<!--more-->

__Locations__ In Hampshire or closely around the Hampshire borders

__Venues__ Capable of taking 60 to 70(more?) hashers – large pub/village hall/barn/marquee etc.

__Schedule__ Sun 3rd North Hants, Mon 4th Winchester (PAD to join?), Tues 5th Bourne Valley/Southampton, Wed 6th HOV, Thurs 7th R2D2, Fri 8th ADH/Dorset, Sat 9th Hursley, Sun 10th Wessex. N.B. Big thank you to Hursley for agreeing to move their trail from Sun to Sat for this event (Hursley Additional Saturday Hash – HASH H3!).

__Trails__ Bearing in mind our demographic (i.e. runners and older hashers) – Minimum of 2 trails
one of 5 miles for runners and one of 3 miles (max) for walkers/joggers etc.
Drink/Food: Pay Bar or BYOB depending on venue (please state with run details). Food not
obligatory but please inform if this is planned.

__Subs/Fees__ To be decided. Each has has different systems/costs so this needs
consensus/decisions.
Options – £1 flat fee, Own hash subs, Free! – Please comment.

__T-shirts__ Propose long sleeve (again). Colour? Theme 83 (cubed – third 8 in 8). Survivor post
event printing for all those who do all 8. Cost/details to be confirmed later after canvassing
each hash.

__Other points__ Please add/change/comment as you see fit.