---
layout: page
run: 2191
title: Run 2191
subtitle: Lass Tweaks Run
hares: Velcro (M), Fun Size &amp; Flash
location: 5 December 2021, Tweseldown
date: 2021-12-05 11:00
---
Two reports but no pictures for this rather short run.

### The first report by Hanging About:

Cold and grey day with west wind. Started to rain prior to start but stopped as
we started off.
A poor turnout [14] with various feeble excuses made such as: caught Covid,
welcoming relatives and going Xmas shopping.

Our new Grand Mattress Mistress called the circle to order at 11 o’clock and we set off on a very well recc’ed run and walk linking various park areas swathed in sun and autumnal leaves. Yellow Peril & Flash tried out a zip wire and FRBs often mingled with walkers, giving a chance for short cuts to less fit runners. One group of walkers got lost but were led home by Cuddles, long after the FRBs.

The new RA presided over the down-downs and we retired to the local Wetherspoons for refreshments and chats.

### 2nd report by Yellow Peril:

As scapegoat, I ended up as both GM and RA, much to the mumbling and
grumbling by the gathered NH4 throng; golly, what a load of old moaners!
To his enormous irritation, one of Squiffy’s boots got sucked into a rather
lengthy gratuitous swamp with deep ditches that Velcro thought it’d be fun to
take us through resulting in Squiffy acquiring the new name of Squampy for the
day.

Devoid of any blobs, it appeared that Velcro hadn’t bothered to check out that
stretch and, already at a low point due to some interesting trail markings earlier
meaning that even Velcro got lost (quickly blamed on dogs eating it all,
obviously), any remaining exuberant enthusiasm quickly waned and almost
evaporated!

But like all good hashers, we persisted and reached the end within the hour in
greatly restored spirits and Velcro rightfully received the usual applause.
A few down-downs in the car park and then the others went to the Prince Arthur
in Fleet.

Dickhead, Yorkie and YP had another beer in the car park and buggered off.

Now a few representative comments:

__Damp Patch__ Cold, cold, cold! Good walk though!

__Dickhead__ BLOODY COLD, WET + GREY! STILL WORTH THE EFFORT, THOUGH. (MORE RUNS FROM VELCRO??)

__Fairy Snow__ SEE BILL YOU CAN SET RUNS

__Hanging About__ Great trail, plenty of shiggy. 4.29 miles. One falsie like last week … miles!

__Squiffy__ Not enough shiggy to lose my shoe in!
